README.md, before:

# Nextcloud version matrix action

Get a version matrix of server versions to test the app against

## Inputs

### `filename`
**Optional** The path to the `info.xml` for the app, defaults to `appinfo/info.xml`.

### `matrix`

**Optional** Other fields to include in the output matrix, json encoded

## Outputs

### `matrix`

Test matrix covering all server versions
### `php-matrix`

Test matrix covering all php versions
### `sparse-matrix`

Test matrix covering all php and server versions with minimal redundancy
### `full-matrix`

Test matrix covering all php and server version combinations

### `versions`

List of supported nextcloud versions

### `branches`

List of branches for the supported nextcloud versions

### `ocp-branches`

List of branches for the supported nextcloud/ocp versions

### `php-versions`

List of supported php versions

### `php-max`

Maximum supported php version

### `php-min`

Minimum supported php version

### `php-max-list`

Maximum supported php version, as a single-item list

### `php-min-list`

Minimum supported php version, as a single-item list

### `branches-max`

Maximum supported server version

### `branches-min`

Minimum supported server version

### `branches-max-list`

Maximum supported server version, as a single-item list

### `branches-min-list`

Minimum supported server version, as a single-item list

## License
[MIT License](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

add output for "availble" php version

README.md, after:

# Nextcloud version matrix action

Get a version matrix of server versions to test the app against

## Inputs

### `filename`
**Optional** The path to the `info.xml` for the app, defaults to `appinfo/info.xml`.

### `matrix`

**Optional** Other fields to include in the output matrix, json encoded

## Outputs

### `matrix`

Test matrix covering all server versions
### `php-matrix`

Test matrix covering all php versions
### `sparse-matrix`

Test matrix covering all php and server versions with minimal redundancy
### `full-matrix`

Test matrix covering all php and server version combinations

### `versions`

List of supported nextcloud versions

### `branches`

List of branches for the supported nextcloud versions

### `ocp-branches`

List of branches for the supported nextcloud/ocp versions

### `php-versions`

List of supported php versions

### `php-max`

Maximum supported php version

### `php-min`

Minimum supported php version

### `php-available`

Maximum supported php version that is available in the runner

### `php-max-list`

Maximum supported php version, as a single-item list

### `php-min-list`

Minimum supported php version, as a single-item list

### `php-available-list`

Maximum supported php version that is available in the runner, as a single-item list

### `branches-max`

Maximum supported server version

### `branches-min`

Minimum supported server version

### `branches-max-list`

Maximum supported server version, as a single-item list

### `branches-min-list`

Minimum supported server version, as a single-item list

## License
[MIT License](LICENSE.md)
